[APPSEC-91] Modify rule S5144: Educational content (Common) (#1201)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S5144/common/fix/code-rationale.adoc

> The following code is vulnerable to SSRF as it performs an HTTP request to a
> URL defined by user-controllable data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following code is vulnerable to SSRF as it performs an HTTP request to a
URL defined by untrusted data.
```
